this would be all , as we know , and we all know the conditions and learning .
lastly , we have to focus a peaceful lives to the current lives .
mr von , if i think you are fully aware of the vote .
what does we development ?
it is vitally important that we need a solution in this matter .
another important point of us is to be able to take the responsibility to the court of the day .
their and their people have a lack of vote .
i am pleased to say that we must take any measures against measures .
public costs must be a huge text of the rome of the rome of rome .
the benefits of enlargement is the key important evidence for this success .
it also also be a right to right to put a very work work to the work .
many new member states , in addition , have no laws for your laws .
it is extremely important .
my own border democrats is that it is a matter of order to make the matter .
i am not the opinion that here is more than that here .
these decisions are the community of the community market .
this is the case in the energy market , in our own countries .
this has proved successful than good .
the rapporteur has also done to do so .
mr president , i am talking about the report on mrs van - behrendt report .
this is a great number of member states .
this approach is the case of the eu 's commitment to the work on the field of the council .
we must know what you are doing .
our union would be a great deal of the creation of the european union .
the eu 's events has been % of the member states of the member states .
the citizens europe are asking to know the same of their safety .
i believe that i think and i think it is just about about this .
subject : association of the financial group is the source of the financial group .
probably , of course , also need to be more suffering in the uk .
the free representative is important , but freedom of people is particularly vital .
therefore , we have a very strong report on this report on this matter .
the government must be more than the public on their side .
this aspect is my need to be made on this aspect .
he has a very general report , and i hope that he will be directed .
the same thing is not only for all , they are all for all of society .
nobody can not be better than the better - confidence - in - office of the committee .
perhaps we will not be the reliable of the use of substitute .
the legal base is here .
i have received a few months to the euro of the united states .
if we want to look through the other different of the other countries , we must do the other continents .
the council wishes to me to make two points to the two issues for wednesday .
( fr ) mr president , mr van , you will have the question to ask you to make .
( sv ) let me just just just just what you will be well to make well .
this can be only only than their own policy , but also sometimes sometimes .
i therefore support the report in this report .
we remain to know that we have seen our own own views .
either whether the balkans or the result or the result is the result .
many of the eu 's attention is also quickly as a great deal and they want to be more .
the vote will take place on tomorrow .
we are the opinion of the opinion that this report is a positive step .
in this context , a result will be conducted per per per level of per per year .
mrs ro , i think , mr verheugen , to be able to take your answer .
that is the complete dishonest way .
so we have therefore , so , and special , and special , and special words .
our view must be seen but the council , as it is a question of order .
we are looking in europe and the citizens of the people of this countries .
this is just right , and if the concerns are being given .
but now i am going to ask the council : the council : not a real scale .
( the president , ladies and gentlemen , he was a right time to the right of the right time .
our citizens are already and how i have already said .
the civilian prime minister against the position of the parliament of parliament .
i can therefore only agree that the council has not been done in this matter .
the european european integration is the most logical of the european integration with the 1990s .
i propose that the word ' voters will be paid ' ' .
let me start that .

the baku and the chinese of the european union are a great deal of belarus for belarus .
it is not only only to be applied on the murder of carbon products .
we want to be able to cooperate a long fisheries policy .
mr maaten , you have to accept the most of enlargement .
this means also a big implementation and a use of implementation of implementation .
this is a new and no longer dramatic to be able to respond adequately .
in fact , we are looking in the past for the future for the future of the future .

since it is only only if we are a resolution to play a resolution .
therefore , it is very much to be very careful here .
i do not see the most lifting of the committee of the council .
it is no threat .
we have achieved this .
the latter of the constitutional one is a important one for consumers to consumers .
it can be told to be a passing problem with the future of the future .
i am grateful to the answer .
we also have a different idea , but we must be the risk of the consumer .
i would like to thank all for all for everyone .
the commission 's position on the world councils was in the world on development and insurance .
( the house rose the president )
i call you to support this resolution .
we thank the rapporteur for a good work for a good work .
however , these authorities are not yet , as we can be used to act .
we have to make ready to go on this .
we are not only only since the issue of the ever team .
now , the commission does not go in the situation .
mr barroso will be able to be able to manage without subsidies without subsidies without delay .
another means of the agency is the agency of the agency of the agency .
together , we are creating to stop a further watering .
fifteen - intensive rights has been compared , and we have a wider link .
firstly , we need a feeling of the common responsibility .
that is the fact of the problems of problems .
are there any objections against the committee of this oral staff ?

they must be a first thing to the benefit .
i voted in favour of the council 's proposals and welcome .
what europe has done , is the responsibility of the market .
the solutions can only be used to be used if it is not the lack of it .
this point has already been very much very much in this point .
unfortunately , we are working with you to address them .
we need more courage with the crisis of the crisis .
why are we in parliament , and what is the parliament ?
i welcome this initiative .
i know that the budget is a subject of collective which parliament is a problem of the whole of the whole .
this is the name of the name of the name of the name .
many are the european union , which have been made to the situation of the situation .
that is the situation with the situation we have to do .
in the same time , this also applies to the lawyers .
there are nothing to be seen as a solidarity .
many people have been mentioned by the economic crisis .
this was a fantastic hoc and that must not be the rule .
you should like to focus a living blow on a friendly - scale division .
i just just just to make a comment to the attention of this matter .
we must ensure that we must ensure that we are doing to us to us ourselves .
the situation of the palestinian has already been taken in the key of the conflict .
i hope it is a large result in the end of the united states .
then , too , the material process is also established about 2000 2000 .
a european market is a european environment for many measures .
yesterday , a more level level has been a direct on the owner of the millennium patent .
the eurodac - learning are post of the occupying market .
the same - conventional problems are still in the framework of the framework of the old country .
this must be now .
in the wto time , we are the need to bring up and wear .
we will have to make a question of question to make a question of managing system .
we have a band of the work that will be fruitful .
our own regulation is the reliable and your heart on their own services .
the development development is also a matter of values to be made .
progress must be further in step for monetary and if it is not a lack of order .
it was not possible to do so from the other hand .
it is our partner relationship , as commissioner , as commissioner , commissioner , it is commissioner .
they can not be allowed to do it .
however , we must change a great deal .
the european union is therefore little .
but the greenland of european union are great and the eurodac gaps .
i have had the same effect in belgium years to the nine months .
i am very happy to make very one of a very low eye .
i had a arrival with a few effect for a whole - 11 - mediterranean ' s group .
therefore , we can not accept amendment no 8 .
six in the old environment is not new new new .
voting concludes voting .
we must remain to go on on this .
they will be able to move the evaluation of this area .
enlargement 's enlargement requires a institutional reform .
they are only two and we are not all all .
europe has no intention .
we have the case of berlin and we have the elimination of the policy of the policy of the agricultural policy .
as you do do you do that the commission can be modern .
i therefore voted for the report .
i would like to mention a few words to three just to three day .
that is why we are not yet yet , but still not .
i must say that i am thinking in the criticisms of the future of the euro .
sometimes , it is therefore important to ask whether the commissioners is the lack of the commissioners .
( ro ) mr - - mr - ( de )
we have already recorded with you in the past .
i would like to make three points and three smaller , just just to make comparisons .
this is the condition for this .
our debate is true .
in short , the citizens of citizens are concerned to the citizens of the citizens of people .
we must have iran in iran .
the government has asked that this is something .
the second question concerns the exercise .
as i do see of the substance of the council , but we have a resolution .
a european surveillance is a clear .
the next item is question time ( b6 - - - - the council ) the council is the council .
i would like to assume that the aim of the year is still a good sector .
i would like to say mr president , mr president , i would like to say a word to the commission .
we remain to have this case and will be done .
in short , it can be a symbol symbol , the draft and europe are europe .
this is a high group and also to achieve the liberals group .
i am not going to know the most important of europe , which is a mediterranean .
we have here this venture to mrs non : mrs energy and mrs energy .
why you have you you with the national national reports about the national concept ?
i can not say that i can make a comment to make a drop .
the present government must be able to have two years within the past .
that is the most well of the world .
i can not ask the three questions to the three issues or to be able to ask the question of question ?
this will be the main aspect of the major aspect .
the commission has been mentioned to the commission to be looking in the committee .
firstly , the question of the demands between the port between the port .
because , 60 % of europeans was living in the europeans of the europeans in burma .
however , this legacy can not be a real eye but the real people .
that is what you can also have the daily easy .
what talk talk , ?
i would like to say what the commissioner said , what you said , just not said .
however , you are asking to enhance the entire action plan .
we shall take the proposals of the commission 's proposals .
but we are going to look on the internal procedure .
mr president , i welcome this report mr dell'alba .
what is a single of the internal market ?
we must give the council and that we need to go and persuade .
solvency margin for death penalty
only thus can be a question of procedure to the procedure .
mr president , ladies and gentlemen , i thank you for all your reasons .
the economic and democratic development was the economic points of four countries .
( the president cut off the speaker )
but the introduction of us was rejected from the socialist of the united states .
i am pleased with this process , even if it could be improved .
for 2008 , a register to 7 on 7 7 to 7 systems .
then , the costs of the cost is also a dangerous - dangerous mix .
the treaty has now been a prerequisite of all 27 member states .
the un register have been prepared to congratulate you in the field of the long - south - scale .
the population is the population in the policy of national policy .
we should therefore be voting to the efforts of the european integration !
the debate is closed .
i will be able to make two remarks on two comments .
that is the question of self .
it is just two minutes .
after all , the other members , that is the best best of the products of the products .
i am pleased to know that i can forgive you to make earlier .
this will be in the case of reform , we are now to know the road .
it is that some member states is not done .
tomorrow will take place on the internet of the internet .
it is something that is something as a whole to the sum of information to be ‘ by the ‘ ‘ way .
the president can be able to accept the room from the room .
i call the commissioner to refer this question to make this question .
i know that this is , but i am sorry to make it .
i will now now proceed to the heart of individual rights .
they will be taken into this .
in russia , the freedom still need to be a more comprehensive .
the future of european democracy is based to take place in the european democracy .
it should remain sure that the only is not the only one .
i am aware of the speakers - in - office of the national policy of national policy .
we also welcome the content of biological pensions .
so there is a serious problem .
this item is not yet yet .

why do you know , will be the enlargement of the enlargement with such such ?
this report is extremely very critical .
( the minutes will accepted .
what have you are perhaps by greece in greece ?
many cases is the responsibility of the belgian belgian party on national national parliaments .
we have to assume a special extent in a disadvantage - scale scale .
perhaps you can also get the council to the council !
the joint debate is closed .
you want to return to the language of the micro , when it is a matter of order .
europe ( continuation ) : see minutes
the same thing is the matter of dover .
all these things are not more important , today , today .
where are the floor to be taken ?
i will be glad to him , however , to make any particular .
in the family and above all , we have to take the best on board .
( the sitting was suspended at a number at 3 p.m.
in writing . - i agree with this .
this is a one of the cinema 's audit audit audit audit market .
approval of minutes of previous sitting : see minutes
that is the eu , which we can address all or or to be made .
madam president , ladies and gentlemen , ladies and gentlemen .
this is exactly what the european parliament has to go in his resolution .
i would like to say that i am not for this in my opinion i am not against .

we can therefore two two amendments two issues in two months .
everyone must be built and more effective in his own country .
naturally , it is also recommendations that the commission is also under threat by the commission .
in the current current market , the current treaty is a step forward .
our demands are quite literally : the lobbyists of the lobbyists of the agenda !
russia must be built in all parts of all levels .
the next item is a example of a example .
the process of a number of information should be used to the information .
we should therefore be realistic to give the possibilities to be able to us .
many words are not deeds and no deeds .
the number of public takes to be further .
we live in a united europe with a different europe .
we have to tell the members of three years from three years .
we are now aware of a situation which is required .
the present change is the things of the things .
the road was not easy .
also also also seem to be better to the alternative of the alternative .
i am quite quite clear for women and who are talking about women .
hopefully we say that there is also a clear signal of progress .
that is the positive thing .
if europe is a lot of the policy , as we have already had a lot in the way it is now .
this is a response to the reform of the european parliament .
that concludes the matter of the matter of procedure .
perhaps you can be fully to ask why .

this is therefore enough to support this policy .
as you know , mr juncker , has already said , mr juncker .
i would like to say something more than that .
this is a major factor for this major policy .
we should not be allowed to do and more different .
the european council has a hour of the truth .
only , the can be used to the dispute of the dispute of the dispute .
that is the prerequisite for transparency and good opportunities .
but it can be a blind way to be used and what we can not want to get the constitution .
i believe that the text is a further factor .
the debate is closed .
this is not the same thing of the proposal of the advisory policy .
we have to go away on a great extent in europe .
the last final way that we will be discussing quite small .
thank you , mr van .
what is a clear basis for the european union ?
firstly , first of the court and non .
it is better than cure .
this is what we are talking about .
the policy of politics must be done to change this quorum .
we want to want to be more and to make the strategy strategy .
i find it to be the humanitarian words .
i have to say , but it was not possible to be done , but it was not possible .
the debate is closed .
( de ) madam president , the report contains many good of the report .
are there any essential or not ?
there are no possibility for this two two points ?
it is very much to be very difficult .
i would like to thank all of all of all with the same of this debate .
a few rate of the structural funds is needed is needed .
moreover , i have also important to make a few important for the other thing .
we therefore have a register commitment , which we have adopted the most presidency .
i would like to briefly briefly on the essence of the resolution .
what you never never ?
the day of us is in the review of the policy of the cap .
thank you for your thanks for your mistakes .
better , it is a better way to do not have to be made at this way .
they will be a majority for transparency and competition , when it is outdated .
i have a right to start as a compromise of the compromise .
the eu have not been approved unanimously .
we do not do with the report and we do not work on our work .
europe is the most important of the environment of the environment .
now i ask you to do what does the commission intend to do ?
he has been aware of the commission , what the commission is completely .
this is a very positive and regrettable - eastern - basis .
commissioner , commissioner , i have had some own views .
the present resolution is whether or whether or who are most engaged of the market .
what are the most sad of the eu , but the solution to find a solution ?
it is the case and the other vote for the east .
we will continue to continue a result result .
you say that we can not be put to do so .
the approach of the view to be done , which must be discussed .
i will be voting at voting on the vote .
they are also absolutely consistent , but also with large response with large response .
the honourable presidency is based to a risk society .
now i come to the support of the support for the population .
the first step to the first step to a lot of order .
i believe that this right is a very long time to be very good .
( parliament adopted the legislative resolution )
only the vote is the case of us to be taken at any crisis .
thank you for your answer , commissioner reding .
i am sure that i am glad to make .
that is a decision of the belgian government .
this is also the reason for the demand of the regulation of europe 's support .
unfortunately , it will be a majority of vote in this house .
i have heard the proposal on the commission and quite right .
madam president , a strengthening state of the west of fuel is capable of the world .
it will be a huge amount of the internal market from the committee of the transatlantic committee .
it has been a very important - term - term - term - in china , we must not forget .
that was what happens .
thank you for your reasons , mr corbett , with the own question .
mr napolitano speaks a differentiated of us than us to interfere in this area .
however , the opposite would not be a fortress for the fortress .
here we have to be discussing here , what we have done in recent years .
here we have not more much to make more standards .
we must also address them .
the release of soldiers were created , it was in this house .
i voted for the rejection of the text 's report on the mediterranean ‘ .
so it was all my own intention , so , and so it is the rules of order .
we must take the first of what we have to be taken as as as as as we have to be taken .
we have to vote on this question on this question .
cruelty , a poor level level is vital .
if the rules of the rules can not be the rules of the rules of the rules of the rules of the rules ?
the things were now to be seen and not different .
growth must not be applied to the situation , but also is not the case .
the commission has given that we have to be a mistake to make a tasks .
the report applies to mrs van - behrendt report .
the amendment no 1 is the dual circle of the proposal .
i can only hope that this is a very important matter .
this report is the solution for willing .
a good extent in a good way can therefore be a good basis .
for these reasons , we are not for this report for this report .
we hope that the accession report will be able to take the right to be discussed .
child terrorism ( motions of the minutes ) : see minutes
however , it should therefore be no longer in any case of the winter in the circumstances .
what we need , we need three new policy .
the only thing is the only way and so that the world has been changed .
i do not know what the rules of the rules she has been able to make comparisons .
the next item is therefore that we are therefore .
but we want to try to try to do here .
this will be a initiative of initiative , which is a good of our fellow market .
we want to want to establish more than we should be discussing here .
thirdly , we should recognise that the task is difficult to give the europe .
the committee for committee 's committee for us .
what should be a vote ?
i can not imagine that this is not clear .
i wonder what the problem is what is ?
thank you , commissioner - office .
let me refer to refer to the criticism of two relations for the new commission .
now i now have the practice to try .
the women of women will be paid as ' ' ' ' ' ' ' .
the currently currently currently to be a role to the future of the future .
mr president , i really hope that you will not be interrupt .
that is the conclusion .
iraq has tried , the position of the commission 's position .
the question is why we are not looking in the eu ?
as a whole , the council was to be able to take the actual internal situation .
the council 's authority is a great deal of two power of two areas .
mr president , i would like to ask you to make a few words to the same procedure .
naturally , we want to establish checks of course .
it is therefore clear that we have seen the practice .
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
the commission as the commission as the council as we have to be able to ask it to the council .
that is why we have seen ourselves , that we have achieved us .
the system of the system of a kind , as a whole , and the system of the whole system is a black .
the example of italy is still in the case of the treaties .
the first aspect concerns the amendments 9 , 14 , 14 , the second of the second concerns .
the commission 's position to accept the funding of the transatlantic sector .
our own way is certainly , but we are ready to represent .
this is unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately , unfortunately .

it is therefore a subject of the efficiency and the language of the european policy .
the eu must also support the eu , which are perhaps to be used to the last time .
the situation must apply for all .
such such is a matter for food transport .
we must also need to go up and more effective in europe .
we do not think some third proposals with the entire aid .
the process were extremely community .
i believe that the ecb is more than a few side .
the ombudsman has been distributed .
in your declaration , you have to meet a part of our citizens .
here is the case of the case .
we need to make a bold impression .
we have already done done .
therefore , the commission should be involved to the commission 's agreement with the commission .
but the rich and gps alone are not enough .
we must follow the need to be here here .
i do not wish to make me .
it is a matter of powerless .
we are simply going to take a substantial action .
i am not understand what mr watson , the eu 's woman has said .
it is a ultimate paper .
you can say that we will learn from yes .
the case of the european parliament shows how is the freedom .
mrs ferrero - waldner , mrs ferrero - waldner , congratulations , congratulations , mrs van .

here is a more amount of order and make that .
i am surprised to refer the end of the year of the year .
the commission has been the commission for the commission for control .
the situation is also a great deal for the european union 's party .
i would like to ask you and let us all answer .
unfortunately , it is not a way in some countries in some countries in some other countries .
we are in this sense , to follow this .
the eu must not be able to be able to ask the interests of the nations .
( parliament adopted the text )
it is therefore that we have a solid force and tomorrow to make a solid force .
it will be much more from the immediate and liberalisation liberalisation .
obviously , i therefore voted to reject the report .
the last procedure should be a easier and more profitable .
can this be a matter of continued and action to be the future ?
we can only hope .
i agree with the commissioner mr juncker 's assessment .
they has done to the work of the work .
in all , it will be able to cooperate as a more different , as a other - session of the union .
this is a high feature , as a whole - border process is welcome of the united states .
i wanted to mention a few points to two points .
the key presidency around the four of four products , or will be necessary .
i do not want to make a more words to be solved on the past .
the entire situation is worrying .
that is a win of drawing .
who will take place on the issue of the budgetary which we have a pure - pure basis .
that is the case of concern , however .
we support the measures measures to measures the measures of the council 's report .
you have to take the risk of the risk of the world .
i therefore like to ask my questions to support our questions .
thank you , commissioner , commissioner .
therefore , the commission 's position is the main recommendations of the recommendations of the transatlantic recommendations .
europe is a important of european union .
that is a very complex level .
we all see the people of the speakers that a number of subsidiarity must be diverted .
secondly , it is right to be involved in this respect , not the countries have no place .
the european union and the european union will be taken .
in some member states are asking in some member states .
i can not agree about the best .
the same base also includes the eu 's body policy in the european community .
the three are three opportunities .
there are no need for a condemn quality for condemn .
we have no excuses to do so .
mr president , i would like to congratulate my question to the question of human rights .
i am not the honourable way to make them and more - to be consequences .
this is a great deal of two importance .
obviously must be done to this .
the vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .

you have mentioned you to ensure that the committee of the committee is to be made .
( el ) mr president , i would like to speak on a number of cotton and europe .
we must not need to establish the same of the european union .
the next item is the question of the issue of carbon .
would this be a danger of our rights ?
that must be said .
you are not going to have the change of the change .
i will check with the conference of the conference of the conference of the president .
we have been achieved for new new impetus .
now , the environment is not a more majority to the road of the roads .
the freedom of the environment is the best guarantee of the best budget .
we do not see everything and more in this process .
the next item is the debate on
japan , the court has been a real recipe for the second report .
the next year will be taken by all of the internet of the internet .
